The gunship was so far away that it could be heard as if it were a bean.
The bullets sometimes made a sound like a fire and passed through the field.
When I approached the forest, I saw many black shadows moving in the forest.
I also saw a horse with a connection.
It was there. It seemed to have walked almost 3 km.
When I entered the village, all the houses of the father were in the end.
I came to the car team and thought that there might not be a car in the newspaper, but there was not.
There was a driver of the head of the unit, so I asked the driver when he would pursue the car.
I asked him to be careful when he went home.
The driver looked at me and said,
I was surprised to hear that the reporter, Major Takao, was here.
I asked him what happened, and he said that the ship was in danger of being hit by a reverse attack,
so some of the Akizaka squadron left around 3 p.m. as a rescue team on this truck.
He said that they came with him.
I asked where he was, but he was very worried and was looking around,
so he said he didn't know where he was.
I wanted to see him, so I looked all over the place, but I couldn't find him.
I was tired, and I thought I could see him when the night came, so I decided to sleep.
I didn't know what time it was.
The medallion clock in my right pocket was broken by the glass,
and my body was broken, and I was stopped at 514.
When I came to the house where the soldiers who came back with me were,
the room was full of people, and I heard the sound of the gunfire.
I could smell the faint smell of blood.
The bedding was hanging on the ground wall, and I took it out.
I put it on a box that had many of them nearby, and I fell asleep on it.
I felt like I was lying down after a long time.
A cold wind came and swept my cheeks.
I said, Mother, you were alive.
I went. Thank you.
The cloud disappeared before I knew it.
I ran to the north, but I couldn't make a face even though the moon was about to come out.
When I thought about it, it got dark and it started to rain.
I had a lot of thoughts, and I couldn't sleep, so I was praying.
I heard a sound under my bed.
I thought it was a mouse, but I looked around, but it was dark and I couldn't see anything.
Then I heard a voice like a whistle.
I stretched out my hand and put it in the box.
Something like a soft cotton touched my hand, and I heard a loud sound.
It was a chicken's nest.
There were many of them.
I was touching my hand softly and softly, but when I put my hand in,
a warm and warm warmth touched my hand.
My chest suddenly hurt, and tears flowed.
I was there for a while, but it was getting cold,
so I looked into the house and saw that two soldiers were sleeping.
I built a roof over the wall of the hut and put a roof pattern on it.
I heard a gunshot in the distance, and I fell asleep.
I was sleeping.